---
permalink: /cv/
title: CV
---

[Full CV in PDF form](../files/cv.pdf)

## Education

### MMath
*2021 - 2022*  <br>
Part III of the Mathematical Tripos, Trinity College, University of Cambridge.

### B.A. in Mathematics
*2018 - 2021*  <br>
Trinity College, University of Cambridge. <br>
First class, ranked 32/222.

## Publications

1. *With Misha Schmalian and Yuri B. Suris.*
**How one can repair non-integrable Kahan discretizations. II. A planar system with invariant curves of degree 6.**  <br>
To appear in *Mathematical Physics, Analysis and Geometry*.
[arXiv:2106.14301](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.14301) <br>


## Other Mathematical Activities
*See also the* ['Mathematical things I've done'](../things) *page*

**Summer Research Project** - Summer 2020, supervised by Yuri B. Suris (TU Berlin), together with Misha Schmalian. <br>

We studied the geometry of discrete integrable systems generated by birational maps preserving elliptic curves, and constructed a new one-parameter family of such maps with degree 6 integrals.
This family is an example of an integrable discretisation of a continuous integrable system, discretised via Kahan's method with some higher order term modifications.
<br>
<br>

### Reading Groups
- (Jul 2020)  *A Knot Book* by Colin Adamas.
- (Sep 2019)  *Lectures in Discrete Geometry* by Jiří Matoušek.

### Summer Schools
- (Jul 2017)  Modern Mathematics Summer School for Students; Bremen, Germany.
- (Jul 2016)  Contemporary Mathematics Summer School; Dubna, Russia.
- (2015-2016)  Summer schools and training camps organised by the UK Mathematics Trust; Leeds, Oxford, Cambridge.
